docs: clarify OutOfSync causes and diffing customization usage (#26283)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/user-guide/diffing.md

        - .spec.template.spec.initContainers[] | select(.name == "injected-init-container")
```

> This is commonly useful for ignoring fields owned by specific managers such as `kube-controller-manager`, which may introduce expected post-sync mutations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ignore fields owned by specific managers defined in your live resources (commonly useful for managers like `kube-controller-manager` that may introduce expected post-sync mutations):
```

IMHO, we should keep the original introductory phrase ("To ignore fields...") since it serves as a lead-in to the YAML example below, and without it the example loses context
